# [DRAFT] Version Control Workflows

#HSLIDE

## Present workflow

1. Checkout/Update working copy from Trunk
2. Work
3. Commit to **Trunk**
4. Repeat 2 and 3 until the work is done
5. Checkout/Update the **Stable** branch work copy
6. Merge the Revisions from step 3 to the **Stable** branch
7. Solve conflicts if any
8. Commit to **Stable**

#HSLIDE

## Branch Structure

- **Trunk**
    + Dev workline - where almost every work is done

- **Stable**
    + QA testing branch - revisions that are made and tested on **Trunk** should be merged in this branch
    + Bug fixes related to the code located here should be fixed first on **Trunk** and then merged here.

- **Release**
    + Created by QA after a version on **Stable** is ready for release
    + Only hotfixes are allowed here

- **Private**
    + Temporary branch that should be used for work that can break the **Trunk** - e.g.: New Features, experimental work.

#HSLIDE

## Diagram

[TODO] Draw Diagram

#HSLIDE

## Some attention points

- Cherry picking merges became the norm.
- **Trunk** and **Stable** have independent life cicles but are maintained by the same users.
- Inconsistence between both branches history and code.
- Fixing **Stable** bugs on **Trunk** can lead to a inconsistent fix.
- A code that works on **Trunk** may not work on **Stable** as is.

#HSLIDE

## What to do?

Improve or change the workflow?

#HSLIDE

## What to do?

- Subversion?

- Git?

#HSLIDE

## What to do?

Adapt and them migrate

or

Migrate and them adapt

